******
Nikolay+Alex's story

HER DIARY:

Tonight, I thought my husband was acting weird. We had made plans to meet at a nice restaurant for dinner. 
I was shopping with my friends all day long, so I thought he was upset at the fact that I was a bit late,
 but he made no comment on it. Conversation wasn’t flowing, so I suggested that we go somewhere quiet so we could talk. 
He agreed, but he didn’t say much. I asked him what was wrong; He said, ‘Nothing’. I asked him if it was my fault that he was upset.
 He said he wasn’t upset, that it had nothing to do with me, and not to worry about it. On the way home, I told him that I loved him. 
He smiled slightly, and kept driving. I can’t explain his behavior I don’t know why he didn’t say, ‘I love you, too.’ When we got home, 
I felt as if I had lost him completely, as if he wanted nothing to do with me anymore. He just sat there quietly, and watched TV.
He continued to seem distant and absent. Finally, with silence all around us, I decided to go to bed. About 15 minutes later, 
he came to bed. But I still felt that he was distracted, and his thoughts were somewhere else. He fell asleep - I cried. I don’t
 know what to do. I’m almost sure that his thoughts are with someone else. My life is a disaster.

HIS DIARY:

My code is broken, can’t figure out why.



*****
Angel's story

A young man was walking along in the forest, when he heard a muffled voice crying for help from behind a log. 
 He leaned over to see a frog sitting in the mud.

The frog looked up at him and said, "I'm actually a beautiful princess, and if you kiss me, 
I'll transform back into my true self, and be yours for eternity."

Silently, the man scooped up the frog and continued on his walk.

A minute or two later, the frog piped up again, "Hey, buddy, maybe you didn't hear me -- I said, if you kiss me, 
I'll turn into a princess. What are you waiting for?"

Annoyed, the man stuffed the frog into his coat pocket.

Shocked, the frog yelled from inside the man's pocket, "What the hell?  I'm a princess!  All you have to do is kiss me!"

Opening his pocket and peering in, the man said, "Listen -- I'm a software engineer.  I don't have time for a girlfriend.  
But a talking frog is kind of cool."


******
Bogomil's story

A programmer is walking along a beach and finds a lamp.  He rubs the lamp, and a genie appears. 
 “I am the most powerful genie in the world.  I can grant you any wish, but only one wish.” 

The programmer pulls out a map, points to it and says, “I’d want peace in the Middle East.” 

The genie responds, “Gee, I don’t know.  Those people have been fighting for millennia.
  I can do just about anything, but this is likely beyond my limits.” 

The programmer then says, “Well, I am a programmer, and my programs have lots of users. 
 Please make all my users satisfied with my software and let them ask for sensible changes.”

At which point the genie responds, “Um, let me see that map again.”